Update the documentation and the push process (#135)
ad-m/github-push-action: README.md

        branch: ${{ github.ref }}
```

> An example workflow to use the branch parameter to push the changes to specified branch e.g. an PR related branch:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An example workflow to use the branch parameter to push the changes to a specified branch e.g. a Pull Request branch:
```

Author: Done

```yaml

> jobs:

Reviewer: Can we add the event that would likely be used to trigger this action as `head_ref` is only set for specific events.

```
The head_ref or source branch of the pull request in a workflow run. This property is only available when the event that triggers a workflow run is either pull_request or pull_request_target.
```
See: https://docs.github.com/en/actions/learn-github-actions/contexts#github-context

Author: Done

  build:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
    - uses: actions/checkout@v3
        with:
          ref: ${{ github.head_ref }}
          fetch-depth: 0
    - name: Commit files
      run: |
        git config --local user.email "github-actions[bot]@users.noreply.github.com"
        git config --local user.name "github-actions[bot]"

>         git commit -m "Add changes" -a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        git commit -a -m "Add changes"
```
I suggest adding options that don't take any argument before the ones that do.

Author: Done
